DDS Router documentation (#36)
eProsima/databroker: docs/rst/formalia/titlepage.rst

.. raw:: html

  <h1>
    eProsima DDS Router Documentation
  </h1>

.. image:: /rst/figures/logo.png
  :height: 100px
  :width: 100px
  :align: left
  :alt: eProsima
  :target: http://www.eprosima.com/

> The *eProsima DDS Router* is a end-user software application that enables the connection of distributed DDS networks.

Reviewer: "an"

That is, DDS entities such as publishers and subscribers deployed in one geographic location and using a dedicated
local network will be able to communicate with other DDS entities deployed in different geographic areas on their own

> dedicated local networks as if they were all on the same network through the use of the *DDS Router*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dedicated local networks as if they were all on the same network through the use of *eProsima DDS Router*.
```

Reviewer: remove "the"?

> This is done by deploying a *DDS Router* on an edge device of each local network to be connected so that the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is achieved by deploying a *DDS Router* on an edge device of each local network so that the
```

*DDS Router* routes DDS traffic from one network to the other through WAN communication.

Furthermore, *DDS Router* is a software designed for various forms of distributed networks,
such as mesh networks in which nodes are deployed in different private local networks that are auto-discovered

> without any centralized network node, or cloud-based networks in which there is a data processing cloud and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
without any centralized network node, or cloud-based networks where there is a data processing cloud and
```

multiple geographically distributed edge devices.

> Some of the key features of the DDS Router are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following are some of the key features of *eProsima DDS Router*:
```

  1. **WAN communication over TCP**: it supports WAN over TCP communication to establish DDS communications over the
     Internet.

>   2. **Distributed nature**: the user may deploy intermediate DDS Router nodes to discover new entities that enter and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. **Distributed nature**: the user may deploy intermediate *DDS Router* nodes to discover new entities that enter and
```

     leave the network dynamically.

>   3. **Efficient data routing**: the DDS Router avoids data introspection achieving a zero-copy system in data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  3. **Efficient data routing**: *DDS Router* avoids data introspection achieving a zero-copy system in data
```

     forwarding.
  4. **Easy deployment**: it is based on an easily configurable modular system for users with no knowledge of computer
     networks.

>   5. **Topic whitelisting**: it is possible to configure the DDS Router to forward just the user data belonging to a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  5. **Topic whitelisting**: it is possible to configure a *DDS Router* to forward just the user data belonging to a
```

Reviewer: "a"?
